doc for fast 6.2 upgrade (#426)
etherlinkcom/docs: docs/progress/upgrades.md

The Etherlink 6.1 upgrade went through the fast kernel governance process and fixed an issue with the FA bridge introduced in 6.0.
For more information, see [Announcing Etherlink 6.1: a bugfix proposal for FA token deposits](https://medium.com/@etherlink/announcing-etherlink-6-1-a-bugfix-proposal-for-fa-token-deposits-2cc08ffd6fad).

## Etherlink 6.2

The Etherlink 6.2 upgrade went through the fast kernel governance process and fixed 4 vulnerabilities detected by an internal audit in 6.1:

> - It disallows the deposit of FA tokens via the Tezos FA token bridge directly in an EOA account (including smart accounts), to avoid a vulnerability in the FA token bridge Etherlink precompile. Any ERC-20 proxy contract used as a destination must now be a smart contract (the only pattern described in the documentation).

Author: Did I understand well that the solution in 6.2 was to just forbid EOA accounts as destinations?

Author: By seeing the post-mortem analysis, I guess I was wrong. Now I think that in 6.2 it's still valid to send  an FA token to an EOA, but the logic of the withdrawal has been fixed to avoid stealing the token, right?

Reviewer: This is not exactly correct:

It fixes a vulnerability in the FA token bridge where anyone could withdraw FA tickets owned by an EOA, because the proxy authorization was a no-op on addresses with no code. The fix requires msg.sender == ticketOwner when  the ticket owner is a wallet (EOA or EIP-7702 smart account).

```suggestion
- Fix a vulnerability in the FA token bridge allowing unauthorized withdrawal of FA tickets from EOA or EIP-7702 accounts.
```

Author: Thanks, adjusted.

- It fixes a flaw in how transaction fees are accounted, that could allow an attacker to build a DoS of the block production process with no cost to the attacker.

> - It fixes a flaw in the Tezos XTZ bridge that could cause a kernel panic when providing an empty L2 destination address.

Reviewer: The fix guards against "empty
  deposit info" (the entire deposit structure), not specifically an "empty L2 destination address." The scope of the guard is broader than described.

Author: thanks for the rephrasing, done
